
N: 3
Name: Li
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 4
Name: Be
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 5
Name: B
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 6
Name: C
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 7
Name: N
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 8
Name: O
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 9
Name: F
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 10
Name: Ne
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 11
Name: Na
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 12
Name: Mg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 13
Name: Al
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 14
Name: Si
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 15
Name: P
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 16
Name: S
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 17
Name: Cl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 18
Name: Ar
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 19
Name: K
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 20
Name: Ca
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 21
Name: Sc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 22
Name: Ti
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 23
Name: V
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 24
Name: Cr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 25
Name: Mn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 26
Name: Fe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 27
Name: Co
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 28
Name: Ni
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 29
Name: Cu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 30
Name: Zn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 31
Name: Ga
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 32
Name: Ge
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 33
Name: As
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 34
Name: Se
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 35
Name: Br
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 36
Name: Kr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 37
Name: Rb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 38
Name: Sr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 39
Name: Y
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 40
Name: Zr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 41
Name: Nb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 42
Name: Mo
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 43
Name: Tc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 44
Name: Ru
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 45
Name: Rh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 46
Name: Pd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 47
Name: Ag
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 48
Name: Cd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 49
Name: In
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 50
Name: Sn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 51
Name: Sb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 52
Name: Te
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 53
Name: I
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 54
Name: Xe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 55
Name: Cs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 56
Name: Ba
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 57
Name: La
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 58
Name: Ce
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 59
Name: Pr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 60
Name: Nd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 61
Name: Pm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 62
Name: Sm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 63
Name: Eu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 64
Name: Gd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 65
Name: Tb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 66
Name: Dy
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 67
Name: Ho
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 68
Name: Er
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 69
Name: Tm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 70
Name: Yb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 71
Name: Lu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 72
Name: Hf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 73
Name: Ta
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 74
Name: W
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 75
Name: Re
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 76
Name: Os
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 77
Name: Ir
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 78
Name: Pt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 79
Name: Au
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 80
Name: Hg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 81
Name: Tl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 82
Name: Pb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 83
Name: Bi
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 84
Name: Po
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 85
Name: At
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 86
Name: Rn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 87
Name: Fr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 88
Name: Ra
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 89
Name: Ac
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 90
Name: Th
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 91
Name: Pa
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 92
Name: U
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 93
Name: Np
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 94
Name: Pu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 95
Name: Am
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 96
Name: Cm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 97
Name: Bk
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 98
Name: Cf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 99
Name: Es
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 100
Name: Fm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 101
Name: Md
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 102
Name: No
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 103
Name: Lr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 104
Name: Rf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 105
Name: Db
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 106
Name: Sg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 107
Name: Bh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 108
Name: Hs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 109
Name: Mt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 110
Name: Ds
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 111
Name: Rg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 112
Name: Cn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 113
Name: Nh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 114
Name: Fl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 115
Name: Mc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 116
Name: Lv
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 117
Name: Ts
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 118
Name: Og
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]