
N: 21
Name: Sc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 22
Name: Ti
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 23
Name: V
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 24
Name: Cr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 25
Name: Mn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 26
Name: Fe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 27
Name: Co
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 28
Name: Ni
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 29
Name: Cu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 30
Name: Zn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 31
Name: Ga
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 32
Name: Ge
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 33
Name: As
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 34
Name: Se
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 35
Name: Br
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 36
Name: Kr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 39
Name: Y
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 40
Name: Zr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 41
Name: Nb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 42
Name: Mo
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 43
Name: Tc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 44
Name: Ru
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 45
Name: Rh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 46
Name: Pd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 47
Name: Ag
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 48
Name: Cd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 49
Name: In
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 50
Name: Sn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 51
Name: Sb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 52
Name: Te
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 53
Name: I
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 54
Name: Xe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 57
Name: La
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 72
Name: Hf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 73
Name: Ta
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 74
Name: W
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 75
Name: Re
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 76
Name: Os
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 77
Name: Ir
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 78
Name: Pt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 79
Name: Au
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 80
Name: Hg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 81
Name: Tl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 82
Name: Pb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 83
Name: Bi
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 84
Name: Po
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 85
Name: At
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 86
Name: Rn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 104
Name: Rf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 105
Name: Db
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 106
Name: Sg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 107
Name: Bh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 108
Name: Hs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 109
Name: Mt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 110
Name: Ds
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 111
Name: Rg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 112
Name: Cn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 113
Name: Nh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 114
Name: Fl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 115
Name: Mc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 116
Name: Lv
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 117
Name: Ts
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 118
Name: Og
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]