
N: 37
Name: Rb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 38
Name: Sr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 39
Name: Y
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 40
Name: Zr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 41
Name: Nb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 42
Name: Mo
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 43
Name: Tc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 44
Name: Ru
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 45
Name: Rh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 46
Name: Pd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 47
Name: Ag
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 48
Name: Cd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 49
Name: In
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 50
Name: Sn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 51
Name: Sb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 52
Name: Te
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 53
Name: I
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 54
Name: Xe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 55
Name: Cs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 56
Name: Ba
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 72
Name: Hf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 73
Name: Ta
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 74
Name: W
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 75
Name: Re
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 76
Name: Os
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 77
Name: Ir
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 78
Name: Pt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 79
Name: Au
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 80
Name: Hg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 81
Name: Tl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 82
Name: Pb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 83
Name: Bi
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 84
Name: Po
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 85
Name: At
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 86
Name: Rn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]