
N: 19
Name: K
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 20
Name: Ca
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 21
Name: Sc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 22
Name: Ti
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 23
Name: V
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 24
Name: Cr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 25
Name: Mn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 26
Name: Fe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 27
Name: Co
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 28
Name: Ni
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 29
Name: Cu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 30
Name: Zn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 37
Name: Rb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 38
Name: Sr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 39
Name: Y
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 40
Name: Zr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 41
Name: Nb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 42
Name: Mo
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 43
Name: Tc
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 44
Name: Ru
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 45
Name: Rh
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 46
Name: Pd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 47
Name: Ag
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 48
Name: Cd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 55
Name: Cs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 56
Name: Ba
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 57
Name: La
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 58
Name: Ce
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 59
Name: Pr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 60
Name: Nd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 61
Name: Pm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 62
Name: Sm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 63
Name: Eu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 64
Name: Gd
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 65
Name: Tb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 66
Name: Dy
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 67
Name: Ho
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 68
Name: Er
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 69
Name: Tm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 70
Name: Yb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 71
Name: Lu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 72
Name: Hf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 73
Name: Ta
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 74
Name: W
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 75
Name: Re
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 76
Name: Os
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 77
Name: Ir
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 78
Name: Pt
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 79
Name: Au
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 80
Name: Hg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 89
Name: Ac
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 90
Name: Th
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 91
Name: Pa
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 92
Name: U
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 93
Name: Np
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 94
Name: Pu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 95
Name: Am
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 96
Name: Cm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 97
Name: Bk
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 98
Name: Cf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 99
Name: Es
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 100
Name: Fm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 101
Name: Md
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 102
Name: No
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 103
Name: Lr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 105
Name: Db
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]