
N: 3
Name: Li
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 4
Name: Be
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 5
Name: B
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 6
Name: C
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 7
Name: N
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 8
Name: O
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 9
Name: F
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 10
Name: Ne
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 11
Name: Na
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 12
Name: Mg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 13
Name: Al
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 14
Name: Si
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 15
Name: P
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 16
Name: S
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 17
Name: Cl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 18
Name: Ar
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 19
Name: K
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 20
Name: Ca
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 30
Name: Zn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 31
Name: Ga
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 32
Name: Ge
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 33
Name: As
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 34
Name: Se
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 35
Name: Br
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 36
Name: Kr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 37
Name: Rb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 38
Name: Sr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 49
Name: In
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 50
Name: Sn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 51
Name: Sb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 52
Name: Te
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 53
Name: I
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 54
Name: Xe
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 55
Name: Cs
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 56
Name: Ba
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 80
Name: Hg
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 81
Name: Tl
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 82
Name: Pb
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 83
Name: Bi
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 84
Name: Po
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 85
Name: At
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 86
Name: Rn
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 89
Name: Ac
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 90
Name: Th
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 91
Name: Pa
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 92
Name: U
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 93
Name: Np
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 94
Name: Pu
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 95
Name: Am
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 96
Name: Cm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 97
Name: Bk
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 98
Name: Cf
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 99
Name: Es
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 100
Name: Fm
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 101
Name: Md
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 102
Name: No
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]


N: 103
Name: Lr
Transpose[StringJoin[
L= , Transpose[{angular_momentum /. electron_shells}], 
total= 2
Exponents:
exponents /. electron_shells exponents /. electron_shells
Coefficients:
, StringRiffle[ReplaceAll[coefficients, electron_shells]]]]